Python scripts to read L-Galaxies data files and example routines to
"pickle/unpickle" desired galaxy properties.

These scripts should be run in ipython using "run -i" so that they
have access to the top-level name-space (i.e. they can share data).
Alternatively write another script that calls these scripts (e.g. if
writing a script to draw a figure).

Note that the scripts refer to a template struct definition for the
data.  If this does not exist, then it can be generated by running
"make metadata" in the L-Galaxies directory -- this should be done at
the same time that the data is generated, and the two should be stored
together.

metascript?.py:
   Master script that calls other scripts to read, masstrim and pickle data.
   Comes in 2 versions because python3 lacks the execfile function.

script_read.py:
   Reads in selected galaxy properties in snap format.
   Uses read_lgal.py

read_lgal.py:
   Contains the functions that read the binary data files.  The user
   should not have to change these:
       * read_tree_input - The input tree files that L-Galaxies uses.
       * read_tree - Galaxy data in tree format
       * read_snap - Galaxy data in snapshot format

snap_template.py:
   Example of the kind of data stored in L-Galaxies output files.
   Do not use this template to read in any particular data - use the
   one in the same directory as the data is stored.

script_masstrim.py:
   Trims galaxies below a certain mass.

script_pickle?.py:
   Pickles the galaxy data (i.e. dumps to disk).
   Comes in 2 versions because python3 dtype strings are incompatible with python2.

script_unpickle?.py:
   Reads back pickled data from disk.
   Comes in 2 versions because python2 and python3 have different pickling modules.

script_sfh_read.py:
   Reads in information in SFHbins about the star formation history bins.

sfh_template.py:
   Template for the structure used to store information in SFHbins.
   

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Example scripts to read in pickled data and make different kinds of plots.
(No guarantee that any of these will work as advertised.)

